Improve third-party storage CSI driver documentation (#879)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/csidriver.md

:::

:::note

> If the storage class is not in the [CDI built-in capabilities list](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer/blob/v1.61.1/pkg/storagecapabilities/storagecapabilities.go#L35-L127), annotate it with `cdi.harvesterhci.io/storageProfileVolumeModeAccessModes`. Consult the CSI driver Helm chart documentation for instructions on how to annotate the driver's storage class. Without this annotation, the Helm installation may fail.
> 
> For more information, see [Containerized Data Importer (CDI) Settings](./storageclass.md#containerized-data-importer-cdi-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the StorageClass provisioner is not in the CDI's list of [provisioners with default access and volume modes](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer/blob/v1.61.1/pkg/storagecapabilities/storagecapabilities.go#L35-L127), you must annotate the StorageClass with `cdi.harvesterhci.io/storageProfileVolumeModeAccessModes`. Without this annotation, the Helm installation may fail. Check the CSI driver's Helm chart documentation for instructions on how to annotate the StorageClass.

For more information, see [Containerized Data Importer (CDI) Settings](./storageclass.md#containerized-data-importer-cdi-settings).
```
